README.md, before:

# Copilot Code Review for Azure DevOps

[![Azure DevOps Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20DevOps-Marketplace-blue)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=LittleFortSoftware.ado-copilot-code-review)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Automated pull request code reviews powered by the official GitHub Copilot CLI. Get automated feedback on your PRs while leaving your code hosted in Azure DevOps repos.

## Overview

This Azure DevOps extension provides a pipeline task that automatically reviews pull request code changes using GitHub Copilot. When triggered, the task:

1. Fetches pull request details and changed files from Azure DevOps
2. Invokes GitHub Copilot CLI to analyze the changes
3. Posts review comments directly to the pull request

This brings GitHub Copilot's code review capabilities to Azure DevOps, helping teams improve code quality through AI-assisted reviews.

![Pull Request with comments generated by Copilot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab691f5c-bb80-4b22-b2f3-6d911ed03fc4)

## Prerequisites

Before using this extension, ensure you have:

- **GitHub Copilot Subscription**: An active GitHub Copilot subscription (Individual, Business, or Enterprise)
- **GitHub Personal Access Token**: A PAT with Copilot access permissions
- **Azure DevOps Authentication** (one of the following):
  - **System Access Token (Recommended)**: Use the pipeline's built-in OAuth token for Azure DevOps Services. Must grant permissions to Build Service Identity (see below).
  - **Personal Access Token**: Required for Azure DevOps Server (on-prem) or if you prefer explicit token management. Needs permissions to read pull requests, write comments, and read code.
- **Windows Agent**: This extension currently only supports Windows-based Azure DevOps agents. Compatible with both MS-hosted and self-hosted agents.

## Installation

1. Install the extension from the [Azure DevOps Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=LittleFortSoftware.ado-copilot-code-review)
2. Navigate to your Azure DevOps organization settings
3. Go to **Extensions** and verify the extension is installed

## Usage

#### Using System Access Token

The recommended approach for Azure DevOps Services uses the pipeline's built-in System Access Token and a personal access token for a GitHub account with Copilot access:

```yaml
trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: 'windows-latest'

steps:
- checkout: self
  fetchDepth: 0

- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
```

> **IMPORTANT**: When using `useSystemAccessToken`, ensure the Build Service identity has **"Contribute to pull requests"** permission on your repository. See [Granting Build Service Permissions](#granting-build-service-permissions) below.

#### Using Personal Access Token

For Azure DevOps Server (on-prem) or if you prefer explicit token management:

```yaml
trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: 'windows-latest'

steps:
- checkout: self
  fetchDepth: 0

- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    azureDevOpsPat: '$(AZURE_DEVOPS_PAT)'
```

#### Set Trigger

Use branch policies on your protected branches to specify the pipeline as a build validation that must finish before the PR can be completed:

![Branch policy with code review trigger](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b6bece2-f40d-4bba-8243-a8d01baa0df8)

### With Custom Prompt

You can customize the review prompt to focus on aspects tailored to your needs:

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
    prompt: |
      Review this code focusing only on:
      - Security vulnerabilities
      - Performance bottlenecks
      - Code simplification
      Avoid lengthy explanations, keep comments concise and direct.
```

For longer custom prompts, create a .txt file in your repository and pass the file path as a task input:

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
    promptFile: '$(Build.SourcesDirectory)/.copilot/review-prompt.txt'
```

> **IMPORTANT:** If using a custom prompt, avoid including any double quotation marks (") as this will cause errors when passing the input to the Copilot CLI. Single quotes (') can be used instead and should not cause any issues.

### Manual Trigger for Specific PR

If you don't want to setup an automatic trigger, you can instead set up a pipeline with a **Pull Request ID** parameter to run reviews on demand:

```yaml
parameters:
  - name: pullRequestId
    displayName: 'Pull Request ID'
    type: string
    default: ''

trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: 'windows-latest'

steps:
  - checkout: self
    fetchDepth: 0

  - task: CopilotCodeReview@1
    displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
    inputs:
      githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
      useSystemAccessToken: true
      pullRequestId: '${{ parameters.pullRequestId }}'
```

## Input Reference

| Input | Required | Default | Description |
|-------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `githubPat` | Yes | - | GitHub Personal Access Token with Copilot access |
| `useSystemAccessToken` | No | `false` | Use pipeline's System.AccessToken instead of a PAT (recommended for Azure DevOps Services) |
| `azureDevOpsPat` | Conditional | - | Azure DevOps PAT for API access. Required if `useSystemAccessToken` is `false`. |
| `organization` | No | `$(System.CollectionUri)` (inferred) | Azure DevOps organization name |
| `project` | No | `$(System.TeamProject)` | Azure DevOps project name |
| `repository` | No | `$(Build.Repository.Name)` | Repository name |
| `pullRequestId` | No | `$(System.PullRequest.PullRequestId)` | PR ID (auto-detected in PR builds) |
| `timeout` | No | `15` | Timeout in minutes |
| `model` | No | - | Preferred Copilot model to use (see valid options below) |
| `promptFile` | No | - | Path to custom prompt file |
| `prompt` | No | - | Inline custom prompt (overrides `promptFile`) |
| `authors` | No | - | Comma-separated list of email addresses to filter reviews (see below) |

### Copilot Models

As of December 2025, here are the model options supported by the GitHub Copilot CLI:

- `claude-sonnet-4.5` (default)
- `claude-haiku-4.5`
- `claude-opus-4.5`
- `claude-sonnet-4`
- `gpt-5.1-codex-max`
- `gpt-5.1-codex`
- `gpt-5.1-codex-mini`
- `gpt-5.1`
- `gpt-5`
- `gpt-5-mini`
- `gpt-4.1`
- `gemini-3-pro-preview`

### Author Filtering

Use the `authors` input to limit code reviews to PRs created by specific users. This is useful when you want to:

- Only review code from certain team members (e.g. junior developers)
- Exclude automated bot PRs from review
- Limit Copilot usage to a subset of contributors
- Use separate prompts/models for certain team members

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
    authors: 'alice@example.com, bob@example.com, charlie@example.com'
```

When configured:
- The task compares `$(Build.RequestedForEmail)` against the provided email list
- If the PR author's email matches any in the list, the review proceeds normally
- If no match is found, the task completes successfully without running the code review
- Email comparison is case-insensitive

## Setting Up Authentication

### Option 1: System Access Token (Recommended)

The system access token is the [Microsoft-recommended](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/access-tokens?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml) authentication method for Azure DevOps Services. It uses OAuth and requires no PAT management.

#### Granting Build Service Permissions

The Build Service identity needs permission to contribute to pull requests:

1. Navigate to **Repos**
2. From the repository dropdown, go to **Manage repositories**
3. Go to the **Security** tab
4. Find the **[Project Name] Build Service ([Org Name])** identity
5. Set **Contribute to pull requests** to **Allow**

![Update Build Service identity permissions](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0e1c6e4-1c76-40c5-b191-e65ad47dd81c)

> **TIP**: If you don't see the Build Service identity, run a pipeline first to ensure it's been created.

### Option 2: Personal Access Token

Create a personal access token:

1. Navigate to **User settings > Personal access tokens**
2. Click **New token**
3. Click **Show all scopes**
4. Create a new token with the following scopes:
   - **Code**: Read
   - **Pull Request Threads**: Read & Write
5. Store the token as a secret variable in your Azure DevOps pipeline

> **NOTE**: When using a PAT, PR comments will be attributed to the account that created the PAT. For large teams, consider using a dedicated service account.

### GitHub Personal Access Token

1. Go to [GitHub Settings > Developer Settings > Personal Access Tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens)
2. Generate a new **Fine-grained** token with the following options:
   - **Repository access:** Public
   - **Permission:** Copilot Requests
3. Store the token as a secret variable in your Azure DevOps pipeline

### Storing Tokens in Azure DevOps

1. Navigate to **Pipelines** > **Library**
2. Create a new Variable Group or edit an existing one
3. Add the following variables:
   - `GITHUB_PAT` (mark as secret)
   - `AZURE_DEVOPS_PAT` (mark as secret)
4. Link the variable group to your pipeline

Alternatively, you can create the pipeline first and then configure the pipeline-specific variables.

## How It Works

1. **Install Copilot CLI**: The task ensures the GitHub Copilot CLI is installed on the build agent using `winget`
2. **Fetch PR Context**: The task retrieves pull request metadata, existing comments, and iteration details via the Azure DevOps API
3. **Run Copilot Review**: Using the PR context and local Git commands, Copilot analyzes the changes using the configured or default prompt
4. **Post Comments**: Review findings are posted as comments on the pull request via the Azure DevOps API

## Default Review Focus Areas

The default prompt instructs Copilot to focus on:

- **Performance**: Identifying inefficient code patterns
- **Best Practices**: Adherence to coding standards
- **Reusability**: Opportunities for code reuse
- **Maintainability**: Code clarity and documentation
- **Simplification**: Reducing complexity
- **Security**: Potential vulnerabilities
- **Code Consistency**: Style and pattern consistency

## Limitations

- **Windows Only**: Currently requires Windows-based agents
- **GitHub Copilot CLI**: Requires the GitHub Copilot CLI to be installable via `winget`. If using MS-hosted agents, this should be enabled by default. If using a self-hosted agent, run `winget -v` to ensure the tool is accessible.
- **General Comments Only**: Posts general PR comments (file-level inline comments not yet supported)
- **Context Window**: Very large PRs may exceed Copilot's context limits

## Troubleshooting

### Task fails with "GitHub Copilot CLI not found"

Ensure your agent can access `winget` and has internet connectivity to install the Copilot CLI.

### Authentication errors

Verify that:
- Your GitHub PAT has Copilot access
  - If your user account is part of a GitHub organization, ensure the organization admin goes to **GitHub Policies** > **Copilot** > **Copilot CLI** and sets the policy to **Enabled everywhere**
- If using `azureDevOpsPat`:
  - Your Azure DevOps PAT has Code (Read) and Pull Request Threads (Read & Write) permissions
  - The token is not expired
- If using `useSystemAccessToken`:
  - The Build Service identity has **"Contribute to pull requests"** permission on the repository
  - Try explicitly mapping the `SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN` environment variable:

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
  env:
    SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN: $(System.AccessToken)
```

### Timeout errors

For large PRs, increase the `timeout` input value. The default is 15 minutes.

### No comments posted

Check the pipeline logs for Copilot's analysis output and determine if the agent experienced connectivity issues when posting comments. Even if Copilot finds no issues, it should still post a single comment indicating the PR looks good when using the default prompt.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues or pull requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/little-fort/ado-copilot-code-review).

## License

This project is licensed under GNU General Public License v3 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

For issues and feature requests, please use the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/little-fort/ado-copilot-code-review/issues) page.

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Azure Pipelines Task SDK](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-task-lib)
- Powered by [GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot)

## Disclaimers

- This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Azure, GitHub, or the Microsoft Corporation.
- All responses and interactions generated by GitHub Copilot remain subject to the probabilistic nature of the underlying LLM. As with all LLM-based interactions, there is a non-zero chance of unpredictable results. Use at your own discretion.

Commit message:

Add Linux support via pwsh and npm install

README.md, after:

# Copilot Code Review for Azure DevOps

[![Azure DevOps Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure%20DevOps-Marketplace-blue)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=LittleFortSoftware.ado-copilot-code-review)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Automated pull request code reviews powered by the official GitHub Copilot CLI. Get automated feedback on your PRs while leaving your code hosted in Azure DevOps repos.

## Overview

This Azure DevOps extension provides a pipeline task that automatically reviews pull request code changes using GitHub Copilot. When triggered, the task:

1. Fetches pull request details and changed files from Azure DevOps
2. Invokes GitHub Copilot CLI to analyze the changes
3. Posts review comments directly to the pull request

This brings GitHub Copilot's code review capabilities to Azure DevOps, helping teams improve code quality through AI-assisted reviews.

![Pull Request with comments generated by Copilot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab691f5c-bb80-4b22-b2f3-6d911ed03fc4)

## Prerequisites

Before using this extension, ensure you have:

- **GitHub Copilot Subscription**: An active GitHub Copilot subscription (Individual, Business, or Enterprise)
- **GitHub Personal Access Token**: A PAT with Copilot access permissions
- **Azure DevOps Authentication** (one of the following):
  - **System Access Token (Recommended)**: Use the pipeline's built-in OAuth token for Azure DevOps Services. Must grant permissions to Build Service Identity (see below).
  - **Personal Access Token**: Required for Azure DevOps Server (on-prem) or if you prefer explicit token management. Needs permissions to read pull requests, write comments, and read code.
- **PowerShell 7+**: This extension requires PowerShell 7 or later (`pwsh`) to be installed on the agent. PowerShell 7 is pre-installed on Microsoft-hosted agents.
- **Node.js 22+ (Linux only)**: On Linux agents, Node.js 22 or later is required for installing the GitHub Copilot CLI via npm.

> **Platform Support**: This extension supports both Windows and Linux Azure DevOps agents. Compatible with MS-hosted and self-hosted agents.

## Installation

1. Install the extension from the [Azure DevOps Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=LittleFortSoftware.ado-copilot-code-review)
2. Navigate to your Azure DevOps organization settings
3. Go to **Extensions** and verify the extension is installed

## Usage

#### Using System Access Token

The recommended approach for Azure DevOps Services uses the pipeline's built-in System Access Token and a personal access token for a GitHub account with Copilot access:

```yaml
trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'  # or 'windows-latest'

steps:
- checkout: self
  fetchDepth: 0

- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
```

> **IMPORTANT**: When using `useSystemAccessToken`, ensure the Build Service identity has **"Contribute to pull requests"** permission on your repository. See [Granting Build Service Permissions](#granting-build-service-permissions) below.

#### Using Personal Access Token

For Azure DevOps Server (on-prem) or if you prefer explicit token management:

```yaml
trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'  # or 'windows-latest'

steps:
- checkout: self
  fetchDepth: 0

- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    azureDevOpsPat: '$(AZURE_DEVOPS_PAT)'
```

#### Set Trigger

Use branch policies on your protected branches to specify the pipeline as a build validation that must finish before the PR can be completed:

![Branch policy with code review trigger](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b6bece2-f40d-4bba-8243-a8d01baa0df8)

### With Custom Prompt

You can customize the review prompt to focus on aspects tailored to your needs:

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
    prompt: |
      Review this code focusing only on:
      - Security vulnerabilities
      - Performance bottlenecks
      - Code simplification
      Avoid lengthy explanations, keep comments concise and direct.
```

For longer custom prompts, create a .txt file in your repository and pass the file path as a task input:

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
    promptFile: '$(Build.SourcesDirectory)/.copilot/review-prompt.txt'
```

> **IMPORTANT:** If using a custom prompt, avoid including any double quotation marks (") as this will cause errors when passing the input to the Copilot CLI. Single quotes (') can be used instead and should not cause any issues.

### Manual Trigger for Specific PR

If you don't want to setup an automatic trigger, you can instead set up a pipeline with a **Pull Request ID** parameter to run reviews on demand:

```yaml
parameters:
  - name: pullRequestId
    displayName: 'Pull Request ID'
    type: string
    default: ''

trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'  # or 'windows-latest'

steps:
  - checkout: self
    fetchDepth: 0

  - task: CopilotCodeReview@1
    displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
    inputs:
      githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
      useSystemAccessToken: true
      pullRequestId: '${{ parameters.pullRequestId }}'
```

## Input Reference

| Input | Required | Default | Description |
|-------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `githubPat` | Yes | - | GitHub Personal Access Token with Copilot access |
| `useSystemAccessToken` | No | `false` | Use pipeline's System.AccessToken instead of a PAT (recommended for Azure DevOps Services) |
| `azureDevOpsPat` | Conditional | - | Azure DevOps PAT for API access. Required if `useSystemAccessToken` is `false`. |
| `organization` | No | `$(System.CollectionUri)` (inferred) | Azure DevOps organization name |
| `project` | No | `$(System.TeamProject)` | Azure DevOps project name |
| `repository` | No | `$(Build.Repository.Name)` | Repository name |
| `pullRequestId` | No | `$(System.PullRequest.PullRequestId)` | PR ID (auto-detected in PR builds) |
| `timeout` | No | `15` | Timeout in minutes |
| `model` | No | - | Preferred Copilot model to use (see valid options below) |
| `promptFile` | No | - | Path to custom prompt file |
| `prompt` | No | - | Inline custom prompt (overrides `promptFile`) |
| `authors` | No | - | Comma-separated list of email addresses to filter reviews (see below) |

### Copilot Models

As of December 2025, here are the model options supported by the GitHub Copilot CLI:

- `claude-sonnet-4.5` (default)
- `claude-haiku-4.5`
- `claude-opus-4.5`
- `claude-sonnet-4`
- `gpt-5.1-codex-max`
- `gpt-5.1-codex`
- `gpt-5.1-codex-mini`
- `gpt-5.1`
- `gpt-5`
- `gpt-5-mini`
- `gpt-4.1`
- `gemini-3-pro-preview`

### Author Filtering

Use the `authors` input to limit code reviews to PRs created by specific users. This is useful when you want to:

- Only review code from certain team members (e.g. junior developers)
- Exclude automated bot PRs from review
- Limit Copilot usage to a subset of contributors
- Use separate prompts/models for certain team members

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
    authors: 'alice@example.com, bob@example.com, charlie@example.com'
```

When configured:
- The task compares `$(Build.RequestedForEmail)` against the provided email list
- If the PR author's email matches any in the list, the review proceeds normally
- If no match is found, the task completes successfully without running the code review
- Email comparison is case-insensitive

## Setting Up Authentication

### Option 1: System Access Token (Recommended)

The system access token is the [Microsoft-recommended](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/access-tokens?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml) authentication method for Azure DevOps Services. It uses OAuth and requires no PAT management.

#### Granting Build Service Permissions

The Build Service identity needs permission to contribute to pull requests:

1. Navigate to **Repos**
2. From the repository dropdown, go to **Manage repositories**
3. Go to the **Security** tab
4. Find the **[Project Name] Build Service ([Org Name])** identity
5. Set **Contribute to pull requests** to **Allow**

![Update Build Service identity permissions](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0e1c6e4-1c76-40c5-b191-e65ad47dd81c)

> **TIP**: If you don't see the Build Service identity, run a pipeline first to ensure it's been created.

### Option 2: Personal Access Token

Create a personal access token:

1. Navigate to **User settings > Personal access tokens**
2. Click **New token**
3. Click **Show all scopes**
4. Create a new token with the following scopes:
   - **Code**: Read
   - **Pull Request Threads**: Read & Write
5. Store the token as a secret variable in your Azure DevOps pipeline

> **NOTE**: When using a PAT, PR comments will be attributed to the account that created the PAT. For large teams, consider using a dedicated service account.

### GitHub Personal Access Token

1. Go to [GitHub Settings > Developer Settings > Personal Access Tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens)
2. Generate a new **Fine-grained** token with the following options:
   - **Repository access:** Public
   - **Permission:** Copilot Requests
3. Store the token as a secret variable in your Azure DevOps pipeline

### Storing Tokens in Azure DevOps

1. Navigate to **Pipelines** > **Library**
2. Create a new Variable Group or edit an existing one
3. Add the following variables:
   - `GITHUB_PAT` (mark as secret)
   - `AZURE_DEVOPS_PAT` (mark as secret)
4. Link the variable group to your pipeline

Alternatively, you can create the pipeline first and then configure the pipeline-specific variables.

## How It Works

1. **Install Copilot CLI**: The task ensures the GitHub Copilot CLI is installed on the build agent using `winget`
2. **Fetch PR Context**: The task retrieves pull request metadata, existing comments, and iteration details via the Azure DevOps API
3. **Run Copilot Review**: Using the PR context and local Git commands, Copilot analyzes the changes using the configured or default prompt
4. **Post Comments**: Review findings are posted as comments on the pull request via the Azure DevOps API

## Default Review Focus Areas

The default prompt instructs Copilot to focus on:

- **Performance**: Identifying inefficient code patterns
- **Best Practices**: Adherence to coding standards
- **Reusability**: Opportunities for code reuse
- **Maintainability**: Code clarity and documentation
- **Simplification**: Reducing complexity
- **Security**: Potential vulnerabilities
- **Code Consistency**: Style and pattern consistency

## Limitations

- **Windows Only**: Currently requires Windows-based agents
- **GitHub Copilot CLI**: Requires the GitHub Copilot CLI to be installable via `winget`. If using MS-hosted agents, this should be enabled by default. If using a self-hosted agent, run `winget -v` to ensure the tool is accessible.
- **General Comments Only**: Posts general PR comments (file-level inline comments not yet supported)
- **Context Window**: Very large PRs may exceed Copilot's context limits

## Troubleshooting

### Task fails with "GitHub Copilot CLI not found"

Ensure your agent can access `winget` and has internet connectivity to install the Copilot CLI.

### Authentication errors

Verify that:
- Your GitHub PAT has Copilot access
  - If your user account is part of a GitHub organization, ensure the organization admin goes to **GitHub Policies** > **Copilot** > **Copilot CLI** and sets the policy to **Enabled everywhere**
- If using `azureDevOpsPat`:
  - Your Azure DevOps PAT has Code (Read) and Pull Request Threads (Read & Write) permissions
  - The token is not expired
- If using `useSystemAccessToken`:
  - The Build Service identity has **"Contribute to pull requests"** permission on the repository
  - Try explicitly mapping the `SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN` environment variable:

```yaml
- task: CopilotCodeReview@1
  displayName: 'Copilot Code Review'
  inputs:
    githubPat: '$(GITHUB_PAT)'
    useSystemAccessToken: true
  env:
    SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN: $(System.AccessToken)
```

### Timeout errors

For large PRs, increase the `timeout` input value. The default is 15 minutes.

### No comments posted

Check the pipeline logs for Copilot's analysis output and determine if the agent experienced connectivity issues when posting comments. Even if Copilot finds no issues, it should still post a single comment indicating the PR looks good when using the default prompt.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues or pull requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/little-fort/ado-copilot-code-review).

## License

This project is licensed under GNU General Public License v3 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

For issues and feature requests, please use the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/little-fort/ado-copilot-code-review/issues) page.

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Azure Pipelines Task SDK](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-task-lib)
- Powered by [GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot)

## Disclaimers

- This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Azure, GitHub, or the Microsoft Corporation.
- All responses and interactions generated by GitHub Copilot remain subject to the probabilistic nature of the underlying LLM. As with all LLM-based interactions, there is a non-zero chance of unpredictable results. Use at your own discretion.
